Terms of Service
(If you are a user having your usual residence in the US)

Last updated: February 2019



1. Your Relationship With Us
Welcome to TikTok (the “Platform”), which is provided by TikTok Inc. in the United States (collectively such entities will be referred to as “TikTok”, “we” or “us”).

You are reading the terms of service (the “Terms”), which govern the relationship and serve as an agreement between you and us and set forth the terms and conditions by which you may access and use the Platform and our related websites, services, applications, products and content (collectively, the “Services”). Access to certain Services or features of the Services (such as, by way of example and not limitation, the ability to submit or share User Content (defined below)) may be subject to age restrictions and not available to all users of the Services. Our Services are provided for private, non-commercial use. For purposes of these Terms, “you” and “your” means you as the user of the Services.

The Terms form a legally binding agreement between you and us. Please take the time to read them carefully. If you are under age 18, you may only use the Services with the consent of your parent or legal guardian. Please be sure your parent or legal guardian has reviewed and discussed these Terms with you.

ARBITRATION NOTICE FOR USERS IN THE UNITED STATES: THESE TERMS CONTAIN AN ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND A WAIVER OF RIGHTS TO BRING A CLASS ACTION AGAINST US. EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DISPUTES MENTIONED IN THAT ARBITRATION CLAUSE, YOU AND TIKTOK AGREE THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN US WILL BE RESOLVED BY MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION, AND YOU AND TIKTOK WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS-ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION.

2. Accepting the Terms
By accessing or using our Services, you confirm that you can form a binding contract with TikTok, that you accept these Terms and that you agree to comply with them. Your access to and use of our Services is also subject to our Privacy Policy and Community Guidelines, the terms of which can be found directly on the Platform, or where the Platform is made available for download, on your mobile device’s applicable app store, and are incorporated herein by reference. By using the Services, you consent to the terms of the Privacy Policy.

If you are accessing or using the Services on behalf of a business or entity, then (a) “you” and “your” includes you and that business or entity, (b) you represent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of the business or entity with the authority to bind the entity to these Terms, and that you agree to these Terms on the entity’s behalf, and (c) your business or entity is legally and financially responsible for your access or use of the Services as well as for the access or use of your account by others affiliated with your entity, including any employees, agents or contractors.

You can accept the Terms by accessing or using our Services. You understand and agree that we will treat your access or use of the Services as acceptance of the Terms from that point onwards.

You should print off or save a local copy of the Terms for your records.

3. Changes to the Terms
We amend these Terms from time to time, for instance when we update the functionality of our Services, when we combine multiple apps or services operated by us or our affiliates into a single combined service or app, or when there are regulatory changes. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to generally notify all users of any material changes to these Terms, such as through a notice on our Platform, however, you should look at the Terms regularly to check for such changes. We will also update the “Last Updated” date at the top of these Terms, which reflect the effective date of such Terms. Your continued access or use of the Services after the date of the new Terms constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms. If you do not agree to the new Terms, you must stop accessing or using the Services.

4. Your Account with Us
To access or use some of our Services, you must create an account with us. When you create this account, you must provide accurate and up-to-date information. It is important that you maintain and promptly update your details and any other information you provide to us, to keep such information current and complete.

It is important that you keep your account password confidential and that you do not disclose it to any third party. If you know or suspect that any third party knows your password or has accessed your account, you must notify us immediately at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/feedback.

You agree that you are solely responsible (to us and to others) for the activity that occurs under your account.

We reserve the right to disable your user account at any time, including if you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms, or if activities occur on your account which, in our sole discretion, would or might cause damage to or impair the Services or infringe or violate any third party rights, or violate any applicable laws or regulations.

If you no longer want to use our Services again, and would like your account deleted, contact us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/feedback. We will provide you with further assistance and guide you through the process. Once you choose to delete your account, you will not be able to reactivate your account or retrieve any of the content or information you have added.